chore(treeview): remove unused custom property to resolve lint violation (#3318)
adobe/spectrum-css: .changeset/nervous-steaks-provide.md

---
"@spectrum-css/treeview": patch
---

> Use custom property in place of direct value when defining mod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the already defined custom property `--spectrum-treeview-item-border-color-quiet-selected` in place of the direct value. The border color value remains the same.
```
This goes into the change log, and it'd be unclear what properties and values and mods this is talking about.

Reviewer 2: @cdransf Did this get updated already?
